Unify exp and retract, log and inverse_retract (#167)
JuliaManifolds/ManifoldsBase.jl: docs/src/types.md

Pages = ["numbers.jl"]
Order = [:type, :function]
```

## [Type Parameter](@id type-parameter)

> An [`AbstractManifold`](@ref) usually has a type parameter that determines e.g. its siye or
> more precisely the [`manifold_dimension`](@ref). The [`TypeParameter`](@ref ManifoldsBase.TypeParameter) offers the flexibility
> to have this parameter either as type parameter or a field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Concrete [`AbstractManifold`](@ref)s usually correspond to families of manifolds that are parameterized by some numbers, for example determining their [`manifold_dimension`](@ref). Those numbers can either be stored in a field or as a type parameter of the structure. The [`TypeParameter`](@ref ManifoldsBase.TypeParameter) offers the flexibility
to have this parameter either as type parameter or a field.
```

Author: Nice, yours sounds better! We could take the chance to explain advantages of each approach?

As a parameter we can dispatch on it but it might lead to more (pre)compilations
As a field we avoid recompilations, but we can not dispatch.

Reviewer: Good idea, I think your explanation is good. Except maybe that type parameter definitely leads to more compilation :wink: . I guess you could use exp on rotation matrices as an example.
